0.67 changelog (#23688)
microsoft/PowerToys: README.md

Our [prioritized roadmap][roadmap] of features and utilities that the core team is focusing on.

### 0.67 - January 2023 Update

In this release, we focused on releasing new features and improvements.

**Highlights**

- Added an option for PowerToys Run to tab through results instead of context buttons.
- All PowerToys registry entries are moved from HKLM to HKCU.

> - New utility: Quick access system tray launcher

Reviewer: It's not a new utility.

### Awake

- Disable instead of hiding "Keep screen on" option.

### FancyZones

- Refactored and improved code quality.

### File explorer add-ons

- Fixed escaping HTML-sensitive characters when previewing developer files. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

### Image Resizer

> - Fixed call to AssocGetPerceivedType.

Reviewer: Here the context is better to call out as "Improved code quality around a silent crash that was being reported to Microsoft servers."

### PowerToys Run

- Add option to tab through results only. Thanks [@maws6502](https://github.com/maws6502)!
- System plugin - Add Recycle Bin command. Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)!
- WindowWalker plugin - Show all open windows with action keyword. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

### Quick Accent

- Added dashes characters. Thanks [@Aaron-Junker](https://github.com/Aaron-Junker)!
- Added Estonian characters. Thanks [@jovark](https://github.com/jovark)!
- Added Hebrew characters. Thanks [@Evyatar-E](https://github.com/Evyatar-E)!
- Added combining characters. Thanks [@Aaron-Junker](https://github.com/Aaron-Junker)!
- Added Norwegian characters. Thanks [@norwayman22](https://github.com/norwayman22)!

### Settings

> - Fixed URL click crash.

Reviewer: ... on the "What's New" screen.

- Added quick access system tray launcher. Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001)!

### Documentation

- Added PowerToys disk usage footprint document.

### Development

> - Verify notice.md file and used NuGet packages are synced

Reviewer: Missing a dot at the end of the sentence.

- Turned on C++ code analysis and incrementally fixing warnings.
- Automatically add list of .NET Runtime deps to Installer during build. Thanks [@snickler](https://github.com/snickler)!
- Move all installer registry entries to HKCU.
- Refactor installer - extract module related stuff from Product.wxs to per-module .wxs file.
- Enhance ARM64 build configuration verification. Thanks [@snickler](https://github.com/snickler)!

> #### What is being planned for version 0.67

Reviewer: 0.68

Our [prioritized roadmap][roadmap] of features and utilities that the core team is focusing on.

### 0.67 - January 2023 Update

In this release, we focused on releasing new features and improvements.

**Highlights**

- Added an option for PowerToys Run to tab through results instead of context buttons. Thanks [@maws6502](https://github.com/maws6502)!
- All PowerToys registry entries are moved from machine scope (HKLM) to user scope (HKCU).
- Quick access system tray launcher. Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001)!

### Awake

- Disable instead of hiding "Keep screen on" option.

### FancyZones

- Refactored and improved code quality.

### File explorer add-ons

- Fixed escaping HTML-sensitive characters when previewing developer files. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

### Image Resizer

- Improved code quality around a silent crash that was being reported to Microsoft servers.

### PowerToys Run

- Add option to tab through results only. Thanks [@maws6502](https://github.com/maws6502)!

> - System plugin - Add Recycle Bin command. Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)!

Reviewer 2: This is confusing.

- 
```suggestion
- System plugin - Updated Recycle Bin command to allow opening the Recycle Bin. Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)!
- System plugin - Improved Recycle Bin command to not block PT Run while the deletion is running. Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)!
- System plugin - Small other changes to improve the usability of the Recycle Bin command. Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)!
```

- WindowWalker plugin - Show all open windows with action keyword. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

### Quick Accent

- Added dashes characters. Thanks [@Aaron-Junker](https://github.com/Aaron-Junker)!
- Added Estonian characters. Thanks [@jovark](https://github.com/jovark)!
- Added Hebrew characters. Thanks [@Evyatar-E](https://github.com/Evyatar-E)!

> - Added combining characters. Thanks [@Aaron-Junker](https://github.com/Aaron-Junker)!

Reviewer 2: What are combining characters?

Reviewer 3: I believe the word is _diacritic (mark)s_ ?

Author: fixed. thanks

- Added Norwegian characters. Thanks [@norwayman22](https://github.com/norwayman22)!

### Settings

- Fixed URL click crash on the "What's New" screen.
- Added quick access system tray launcher. Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001)!

### Documentation

- Added PowerToys [disk usage footprint document](doc\devdocs\disk-usage-footprint.md).

### Development

- Verify notice.md file and used NuGet packages are synced.
- Turned on C++ code analysis and incrementally fixing warnings.
- Automatically add list of .NET Runtime deps to Installer during build. Thanks [@snickler](https://github.com/snickler)!
- Move all installer registry entries to HKCU.
- Refactor installer - extract module related stuff from Product.wxs to per-module .wxs file.
- Enhance ARM64 build configuration verification. Thanks [@snickler](https://github.com/snickler)!
- Helped identify a WebView2 issue affecting PowerToys File explorer add-ons, which has been fixed upstream and released as an update through the usual Windows Update channels.

#### What is being planned for version 0.68

For [v0.68][github-next-release-work], we'll work on below:

- Allow installing without UAC.

> - Peek

Reviewer: New utility: Peek.

Author: done

> - Peek

Author: ```suggestion
- New utility: Peek.
```
